KIRINOSHIMA MIDDLE SCHOOL
Hey, hey, Koyuki.
Hey, who among us is the hottest?
Huh?
You're adorable!
Knock it off, Tatsu. She's flustered.
Don't bother
with their annoying crap, all right?
Okay.
That's sweet!
Sorry, Koyuki.
You're so tiny,
I didn't even see you there.
Hey, Amano, give her some of your height.
He's so obvious.
- It's plain to see.
- Seriously.
Shorty! Shorty!
Wait, Tiny!
Come on, it's just a joke.
I've been thinking this for a long time.
Igarashi totally has
a crush on you, Koyuki!
Even Tatsu's into you, Koyuki.
I'm jealous.
Why is teasing acceptable
when it's a joke or well-meant?
Tell me. What about my feelings?
MEITEN HIGH SCHOOL
Mari, Muko, and Mei.
Okay, everyone's coming.
We'll throw a snack party
on the last day of the finals!
Woo-hoo!
What should we get?
What sounds good?
Class 5 is so lucky.
Azumi's a literal goddess.
She even greets nerdy introverts like us.
She's heaven-sent.
Hey.
- Huh?
Here.
The teacher wanted me to give it to you.
Thank you very much.
- Scary.
Who was she?
She's Koyuki Hikawa.
People call her "the Queen."
"The Queen"?
She doesn't hang out
with anyone in the class.
That was my first interaction
with her ever.
But the second semester's almost over.
I mean, she's always in a bad mood.
She gives off a "don't come near me" vibe.
Miki, when you make the call,
everyone joins in.
It's not like that.
As expected from Class 5's idol.
Oh, stop.
Winter is already here.
The second semester is coming to a close.
Once the third semester ends,
so will the first year of my high school.
Without anything really happening.
Still, this is far better
than middle school.
It's not that I care
how people see me at this point,
but it still bothered me
when he made that face.
What do they find so scary about me?
Is it my face?
My facial muscles...
Huh?
My bad, my bad.
I was curious what you were doing.
What are you doing, Minato?
Hey, Yota.
Hey!
Why are you picking on a girl?
You're the worst.
It's not like that.
You good? Can you stand up?
Thanks.
Wait.
He's massive!
Sorry about this little rascal
causing you trouble.
I said I didn't do anything.
Is that right?
What do you think I am?
Hikawa, I thought you were more reserved,
- but you can make some funny faces.
- What?
Sorry I startled you.
Well, see you later.
My name...
How...
Who was he, anyway?
EPISODE 1
LINES AND WALLS
I saw this on a live stream yesterday.
Did you know it's gone viral?
I had no idea.
She totally took my seat.
It's at convenience stores.
KOYUKI'S DESK
KOYUKI'S SCALE
EFFORT TO SPEAK UP
EFFORT TO WAIT IT OUT
THUMP
It's fine. I can wait.
Sorry, you want your desk back, right?
I'll move.
GRADE 1 CLASS 2
You don't have to.
AWKWARD VIBE
Say, Hikawa, I'm really sorry.
Huh?
For what?
Did she do something
she needs to apologize for?
MIKI
Have you left already, Koyun?
Not yet.
I'm still at the entrance.
I don't have work today.
Let's walk home together.
Woo-hoo!
Okey froggy!
I'll wait for you out front.
I'll be there soon.
Ten, nine, eight...
Huh? Countdown?
- ...seven...
- Hey!
Wait up!
...six, five,
four, three,
two,
one...
Koyun!
I made it!
Was that funny? Was it?
Who takes it that seriously?
Right? I'm amazing, huh?
That was my best record for the day.
You're such a dummy.
Can I come over after I swing by my place?
Yeah. My mom's not home anyway.
Hold on! You ignored me when
we passed by in the hallway yesterday!
I mean, there was nothing
I wanted to talk about.
That's what I mean!
Look at Azumi go.
Her social skills must be crazy,
pushing the Queen around.
201 - HIKAWA
401 - AZUMI
They're all good girls.
I like them and all, but...
I'm like, what?
People treat me like an idol!
They think I'm a saint or something.
How come?
People oughta treat me like a gorilla,
like they used to!
READ BEAN SOUP - STEEL CAN
Insult me more!
Honestly speaking, I wanna joke around,
get up to dumb things,
and make everyone laugh every day!
I want to make the audience go wild!
You should act like this
in front of your classmates.
Be yourself.
It's not like I'm not being myself, but...
How do I put it?
Even if I want to, I can't switch
to being myself immediately.
Before I know it,
I'm in that mode in that classroom.
It's like who I really am
never even existed.
Actually,
what's the real me?
I don't know what I'm feeling anymore.
Mi... ki?
Crap, crap, crap!
I just got super poetic now.
No, no, no!
That was definitely not the real me!
You'll be fine.
Whether you're an idol or a gorilla,
some people will want to stick by you.
People who weren't meant for you won't,
but there's nothing wrong with that.
Koyun...
Me,
I prefer to be alone
than be around people I don't vibe with.
You're fine not talking to anyone all day?
I'd die!
Yep, that's how you are.
I want the strength
to be alone like you, Koyun.
I'm not saying I'm right.
Someone who can put others ahead
of themselves is wonderful.
But if you're suffering, you should stop.
Even someone as social as Miki
thinks they are different
from how others see them.
It's no good!
All this thinking's going nowhere.
Let's get our exam prep underway.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
To start, tell me
what's covered on the English exam.
We're starting there?
I love the classroom early in the morning.
Vocabulary book, vocabulary book...
GRADE 1 CLASS 5 NUMBER 1
MIKI AZUMI
This is Miki's.
That's right, we studied together
at my place yesterday.
She'll probably need it for her class.
I have to give it back to her.
GRADE 1 CLASS 5
I bet Miki's not even at school yet.
I'll leave it in her desk.
Huh?
What?
I got you.
That surprised me!
Are you okay?
It's the guy from the other day.
Huh?
Huh? What? Wait, wait, wait, wait!
What on earth is happening?
Koyuki, feed Mr. Giraffe.
You're the girl from before.
Yeah.
I don't have my contacts in today.
I couldn't tell it was you.
Sorry I bumped into you. Are you okay?
I had a flashback just now.
What's this?
Are you a friend of Miki's?
Yes.
Miki?
Might you be in Class 5?
Nope. I'm in Class 6.
I came to grab a textbook
I lent to a friend.
- Here.
- Thank you.
I'm here to return this to Miki.
- I don't know where she sits.
- Are you serious?
Let's see. This should be her desk.
- Should?
- I'm kidding. It definitely is.
Wanna scribble a message on her desk?
Something like, "I brought your notebook."
It's fine. I'll send her a message.
That's one way to go.
I wrote a ton on my friend's desk.
Like, "I grabbed my textbook."
He seems like a mellow guy.
See you.
Thank you.
Let's ace the exam.
Himuro.
Himuro isn't my name.
HIKAWA
Oh, well.
We hardly ever run into each other anyway.
Peaceful.
Quiet.
That's enough for me.
Why do men like to hang out in groups?
Well, I guess it depends on the person.
He was with the person
who's like a giraffe.
They're in the same grade.
GRADE 1 - GRADE 2 - GRADE 3
THE SLIPPER COLOR IS DIFFERENT
BY GRADE
I've tried not to pay attention
to my surroundings until now.
Things like who's in my grade
never mattered to me.
Crap.
We made eye contact...
I think? Maybe?
I looked away without thinking.
It was kind of awkward.
But I don't know him well enough
to go say hi.
Oh, well.
Milk tea, or...
Chocolate milk sounds good too.
Definitely pass.
Hey.
Why did you ignore me?
Ignore you?
I waved but you ran away.
Huh? You waved?
What a shock!
I'm sorry.
I guess?
I didn't even notice.
I wasn't trying to be mean.
Yup, I know.
- Huh?
- Your drink.
AUTHENTIC CURRY DRINK
Do you like it?
No, I got the wrong one.
It's totally my fault then. My bad.
He doesn't seem like a bad person, but...
When someone is this different from me...
Heya!
...I can't help but be wary and suspicious.
Besides, who are you anyway?
Hey!
What're you up to, Amamiya?
Amamiya?
That's me. I'm Minato Amamiya.
Good to meet you.
Likewise.
Wait. You're introducing yourself now?
Are you hitting on her?
What's going on?
Isn't he overly friendly?
You've gotta keep your guard up.
Just kidding.
Give it a rest.
- Get back over there. Shoo.
- So that's their vibe.
Gosh.
I really can't stand it.
Huh?
What's he doing out of the blue?
I know what this is. He's teasing me.
MIND THEATER
WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU GET TEASED
What's the correct response?
One, get worked up.
I'm fuming!
Two, act flustered.
Knock it off, hey.
Three, laugh it off.
That's hilarious.
For now...
I'll give him a smile.
Three, laugh it off. Ha ha ha.
My gosh, she creeps me out.
Hold on, did she get mad
because I butted in?
I'm sure that wasn't it.
That felt more like
she put up a wall.
Hey, Amano, give her some of your height.
Okay.
Koyuki.
Koyuki, do you like Igarashi?
Did you see it?
It was so funny.
Seriously.
I'm sorry, Koyuki.
Don't get cocky.
MIKI: I'M SORRY KOYUN!
HR IS GOING ON FOREVER - IT'LL
BE A WHILE BEFORE I CAN LEAVE
YOU KNOW WHERE
THE COMMUNITY CENTER IS?
IF YOU DO, WAIT FOR ME THERE...
I see.
Hey, hey! Are you by yourself?
I'm not.
Whatever! You're funny.
Why is this happening?
Why?
Why do people come onto me
like this when I'm not at school?
Wait up.
It's all right. We don't bite.
Look who's talking.
- I am.
- This kind of vibe.
I really, really can't stand it.
Oh, no.
I have to get away.
What's his name again?
What's this out of the blue?
NOW THINKING
- Hey, what's her deal?
- Maybe she knows him.
He noticed--
His terrible vision!
He left.
He ignored you!
Join us for a good time.
No thanks!
What do I even do?
TWO AGAINST ONE
WHAT IF I UPSET THEM
I'm terrified and angry.
THEY'RE MOCKING ME
WHAT A WASTE OF TIME
- How frustrating...
- Let's go.
- Come with us.
- It's gonna be fun.
I said I'm not interested!
I'm serious. Leave me alone.
Bye.
Sorry. You okay?
I thought it was you.
Mr. Giraffe?
Subtitle translation by: Megumi Hunter